[core] Allow custom path for .rootrc instead of $HOME (#20202)
root-project/root: README/ReleaseNotes/v638/index.md

export CLING_CPPSYSINCL=$(LC_ALL=C c++ -xc++ -E -v /dev/null 2>&1 | sed -n '/^.include/,${/^ \/.*++/{p}}' | tr '\n' ':' | tr ' ' ':')
```
This caching reduces sub-process creation during initialization and can be useful when multiple ROOT instances or binaries linked to ROOT are executed (less system-calls, cleaner debugging).

> * It is now possible to read a user configuration file (in jeargon, a "rootrc file") at startup in a custom path instead of the one in the home directory, by specifying its full path with the `ROOTENV_USER_PATH` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It is now possible to read a user configuration file (also named "rootrc file") at startup in a custom path instead of the one in the home directory, by specifying its full path with the `ROOTENV_USER_PATH` environment variable.
```
and/or 'jargon'
